



2nd detonation impact should be synced up with impact ETA and should be announced as an impact when it happens just like what happens with the first imapct. right now it is being announced in live intel feed by pentagon buyt the impact clcok is still counting down. also casulaties from 2nd detonation should not occur before the detonation



the impact clock should not change to the 2nd impact until after the first impact. once again I stopped a 2nd strike and then the clock siwtched over to 2nd strike impact ETA even though the first one didnt detonate yet and the 2nd had been stopped



we need to shore up the command accuity. I got 96/100 when I stood down before gathering any evidence or trying to intersept or talking to any diplomats, etc. Use logic to determine what is the msot approproiate order and timing of actions. I dont think immediate end game deicision without any intel gathering or talking to anyone is the most logicial course of action 


8. can we also have a multiplayer option where the origin company and the location the missle is heading is randomized? where you play on different devices, and each person needs to take action to build the "legacy" in their own country - other countries can also launch a strike but once you do other countries are notified and can strike you back. maybe one of the players can even be the aggressor and they know it but others dont - but not every time does a human need to be the aggresor, you pick which country you are at the beginning. Different countries have different actions and resources in accordance with what makes most sense for real life situation. everyone gets scores at the end, doesnt neccesarily mean there is a definitive winner and loser before the game ends, its just everyone just tries to do the best they can for their country and then scores can be compared at end. burdeon on countries who the missle is not heading towards can be less but obviously the events and other countries actions may still effect them. 